the Swiss National Bank is
single-handedly pushing US Stocks higher
printing money out of thin air and
purchasing billions in particular stocks
you want the proof well you came here
for the truth let's get into this today
I first want to show you the mainstream
media article and then I'm going to show
you the public documents beginning with
this Switzerland is buying US stocks on
an enormous scale the SNB is buying
massive quantities of dollars and Euros
paid for by printing hundreds of
billions of Swiss Franks so the SNB now
owns $80 billion in US Stocks alone
that's as of June 2017 it is estimated
that about 20 billion or so are in
European stocks so think about this when
you have $17
billion being purchased just this year
alone from the
SNB and then you have to understand that
a lot of that is really focused around
technology but it's not every stock in
the technology sector we're talking
about particular stocks and even though
they do buy many stocks there is a heavy
focus on particular companies and I will
show you those companies in a
moment well what do we have here with
central banks not just the
SNB is that there are
Corporation just like any other and
they're trying to make a profit so they
print money instead of you working your
hard hours at your 9 to-5 job they just
have a printing press they print up that
money and then they buy stocks well
that's really good if you are the
benefactor there you're able to reap the
rewards of a central bank buying shares
of your company it's a great system
now let's get into the actual public
data
with all of these companies there's
something called a 13f okay and that
13f will disclose all of the data that
we need so you don't need to just make
that assumption or go based on what
insiders say the data is officially
public you can see it for yourself this
website here just takes all of that
information and puts it into a nice
little list for us to make it easy to
view but the the 13fs are available on
the sec's
website this particular stock
Apple that's one holding in which they
are definitely affecting the price of
that stock this is just one of many but
think about it they own 19 million
shares of Apple that's huge in fact they
own billions of
dollars in Apple
shares that is not a conspiracy theory
that is not something I just made up it
is an actual documented fact so if you
want to show
somebody that the central banks are in
fact holding this Market together all
you need are the 13f filings and they're
public we don't need to have sort of
conspiracy theories or anything else
silly like this we are talking about
documentation that's been available to
the public for a while and here it is so
if you need that if you're not
really somebody who doesn't know about
this stuff well now you do okay so look
at the
different stocks that they own different
sectors even just another example here
Microsoft okay so they're doing so they
have Google they have
everything all these big
corporations are receiving money from
the central banks and think about it
this is just one example that's just the
Swiss Central Bank
and when you apply that
to let's just say even if
20 central banks were buying up shares
of your stock it's going to have a major
effect they can do so on a Grand scale
should they decide
to but either way even just what's
publicly available to us we know that
they are single-handedly pushing stocks
higher just imagine when you look at all
of the rest of the central banks how
much they own and then what's going on
under the table so this is huge I
believe it's important a lot of people
will say that I acknowledge the fact
that central banks are pushing up stocks
but I'm losing out should I not ride
that wave I totally understand what
you're saying if you think you can make
money doing this by all means do so I
just don't like funding and fueling A
system that is corrupt and as far as I'm
concerned it's immoral a lot of these
corporations exploit us in many ways
they steal our
information they are actually being used
to put us in sort of a digital prison
for example Google being one of
them when you search on Google you're
not receiving information from Google
Google is getting your information you
have to really take a 180 on that you
put information into Google that's the
difference so anyway that's just one
example I think they're immoral and if
you don't feel that way then you know
it's up to you that's why I don't
really I don't really like a lot of the
what people claim are Financial experts
whether that's they call themselves that
on YouTube or anywhere else and then
they recommend buying stocks I think
that's something that you can do uh
however those of us
who we want to know the truth about
what's
happening and when you start digging
into it and you realize that a lot of
these
corporations are siphoning off the
wealth of you and I in different ways
they don't have to pay a single ounce of
taxes in most cases and we simply have
increased taxation every year in oneway
shape or
form if you feel
that's that way like I said by all means
do so but it's not for
me anyway that's it for the this
video this is the proof you need central
banks are in fact pushing stock prices
higher and the information is public if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up and last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative you can
check that out I have my free ebooks I
have T-shirts now I've got the free EC
course don't forget about that and all
my YouTube stuff on my website the money
gps.com